[Music]
total magic so we know what your
favorite hobby is how do you remember
all your passwords wow that's a great
question to me I'd have to say
telekinesis telekinesis yes you're able
to move things around
no I tell a few of my nieces that I put
it in their phone and they remember it
for me if you could punch one of the
Seven Dwarfs in the face which would
have been our parents sleepy trough in
the face sleeping yeah wake his ass home
when a cold right hook
if the song YMCA came on at a wedding
would you do the dance to it you would
we've done this before
Village People I like the Venice people
which Jewish person would your favorite
the black one you know I chose to the
black one yeah hello
Tanqueray gin the answer to all of
life's ridiculous questions
[Music]